document using AppWrappers to run wrapped custom Jobs (#3978)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/tasks/run/wrapped_custom_jobs.md

---
title: "Run A Wrapped Custom Job"
linkTitle: "Custom Job"
date: 2025-01-14
weight: 7
description: >
  Use an AppWrapper to Run a Custom Job on Kueue.
---

This page shows how to use [AppWrappers](https://project-codeflare.github.io/appwrapper/) to make

> Kueue's scheduling and resource management capabilities available to Job types that do not have a dedicated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kueue's scheduling and resource management capabilities available to Workload types that do not have a dedicated
```
nit: I'm also ok to keep as is for consistency - as you prefer, but I think we could start to write new docs emphasizing Kueue is not just for Jobs, but generic Workloads (jobs and serving). Especially this seems important in the context of AppWrapper which was designed to support arbitrary workloads. 

Feel free to keep as is, or revise the content with that remark in mind.

Author: Good suggestion.  Done

Kueue integration.  For Jobs that use `PodSpecTemplates` in their definition, this can provide
a significantly easier approach than [building a custom integration](/docs/tasks/dev/integrate_a_custom_job)
to enable the use of Kueue with a custom Job type.

This guide is for [batch users](/docs/tasks#batch-user) that have a basic understanding of Kueue. For more information, see [Kueue's overview](/docs/overview).

## Before you begin

1. Make sure you are using Kueue v0.11.0 version or newer and AppWrapper v1.0.0 or newer.

2. Follow the steps in [Run AppWrappers](/docs/tasks/run/appwrappers/#before-you-begin)
to learn how to enable and configure the `codeflare.dev/appwrapper` integration.

## Example using LeaderWorkerSets as the Custom Job

> [LeaderWorkerSets](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/lws) are an exanple of a type that
> uses PodSpecTemplates but currently does not have a Kueue integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the [LeaderWorkerSets](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/lws) to showcase running a workload 
of a custom type.
```
We are likely to have the integration supported in 0.11 (but disabled by default), so maybe we can relax the statement.

Author: Rewritten.
